[18.0][MIG] delivery_carrier_pricelist: Migration to 18.0 (#920)
OCA/delivery-carrier: delivery_carrier_pricelist/readme/DESCRIPTION.md

> Compute shipping methods fees based on Product Pricelists.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Compute the delivery method price based on its related delivery product price according to the sales order pricelist.
```

It allows to have different pricing per customer, prices depending on

> dates, ... The pricelist based cost is computed from the shipping

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dates, ... The pricelist based cost is computed from the delivery
```
